one last trick
[Music]
[Applause]
the perfect launch
and a controlled drop this is as good a
descent as it's possible to make
[Music]
the veined octopus has no clever
disguise and the founder is trading it
waiting for an off guard moment but the
octopus has a unique solution to this
problem a discarded coconut shell could
provide some protection from its stalker
[Music]
this one carries the shell everywhere he
goes
[Music]
he then does something that takes
hunting with tools to a new level as he
probes the hollow conch
[Music]
he checks the point for any signs of
blood then tries again
[Music]
but it's important not to lose
concentration they arranged themselves
into an orderly queue the biggest of the
front smallest of the back they're
lining up with one aim to exchange
properties but none of the crabs can
make a move because the chain is not yet
complete they're all waiting for the
right-sized crab to come along and this
is it
[Music]
suddenly he hears the pack and switches
direction to rejoin them
[Music]
there is no escape from the power of the
pack
[Music]
it's hard to judge the leap
and the depth of the snow
[Music]
if love as we understand it exists in
nature then surely this must be it
[Music]
their lifelong bond will help them face
the final chapter of life story together
Parenthood
[Music]
a final tidy up and his masterpiece is
complete
[Music]
anything goes in these power struggles I
doubting is entirely within the rules
so is kicking below the belt
you